and then with my daughter Michaela I've
started this Peterson academy and our
plan we want to drive the cost of a
bachelor's degree down to four thousand
dollars we've got 30 professors on board
so far I've been able to identify
Stellar lectures from all over the world
they give four two-hour lectures on
whatever they really want to teach about
the rule is we'll put an audience
together for you in the studio we want
you to teach what you love at the edge
of your ability we'll offer that to as
many people as we possibly can who are
pursuing accreditation what we'll do is
take two or three of those eight hour
lectures bundle them together that'll
give you one University Credit we've
developed a good app that adds a social
component to it so that people can
discuss the lectures while they're
watching them and you know can make
social contacts and maybe have meetup
groups in different cities and then
we're going to set the grading system in
stone so the grade you'll get for this
University will be your performance so
there'll be no great inflation we're
hoping that a degree from this
University will indicate to employers a
true level of competence we're going to
roll that out we hope in November